I will open our functional design meeting. we will have the three presentations from the In Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer and. And after that we will have the new product requirements,. I suppose the first to do the presentation will be the User Interface Designer. so you're participant two? I'm participant one.
Three three, it's three
Did you save your presentation? Isn't that technical functions?
It's David Jordan. Course.
The first I will present the technical function design for user interface for our remote TV control. remote rem remote TV control it's very has very soph sophisticated functions,. so we want to design elegant, easy to use inter interface. A very good example is Google. So my job is to design a Google TV controller. which I want to have sophisticated functions while with very easy to use user interface.
So you propose to to have the. remote control which will be powerful.
With sophisticated functions,
And very easy to use.
It's maybe difficult to have both,. I mean the the one on the right doesn't look so simple
But if we have very very good user interface. it take less time for user to learn how to use it.
But the question is how to merge you know the Google system to the system, alright. As you all know, you know my job is to design you know to give an industrial design of the remote control. I propose a nifra infrared base. I think it's cheaper than laser, so. what you find inside the re i the the system here inside it is just, you know a bulb and an infrared bulb,. I have some kind of pictures. and you have the other subcomponent. I think it should be wire wireless re remote con. and you know because you the the the battery problem can hold you know will you use a battery or the a wire to connected you.
There's a wire with remote control?
So you think that a cable between the remote control and the TV won't be a good idea. maybe it will be cheaper I dunno. but as Industrial Designer, do you think that it will be feasible to have linked or to have link between the remote control and the television? Do you think it will be cheaper? Could you answer please?
Have to think about the question,
But I think the wireless problem is more the David Jordan's problem. Mayb maybe you have just to to kind of research. If when you have wireless remote control and if you lose it? I think it's would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television,
So just trying to answer all the questions,. We had one hundred subjects,. we observe their remote control use in a lab. and then after all the experiments they had to fill up a questionnaire,,. actually seventy five percent of the users find the most remote controls ugly,. Yeah, the the look is is bad for them. Then eighty percent of users would spend more money actually if if the remote controls were not so ugly. And then yeah, the remote controls like the one you've shown previously it's not so doesn't fit the user requirements sometime,. because it's too many buttons and so on. And users are actually zapping a lot,. ten percent of the buttons are actually used in the remote control. remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. it takes too much time to learn how to use the remote control for thirty five percent of the people. And remote control are really bad for RSI problems for twenty six percent of the users. RSI is like, when you're using the same doing the same movement several times, then you get injured. so my pres personal preferences for this problem is we have to meet the user needs. If we can make it look fancy then we might sell more than our concurrent,. And definitely if it could have less buttons, still maybe the same number of functions, but less buttons,
And just to have an idea, do you think you as the User Interface Designer to would it be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control, you think it's possible?
Yeah, I think possible. Because we can We can mix several function in one button.
But do you think it will be easy to use? Because if you have many functions just for one button it would be quite difficult for the user to know.
You you can have a switch menu,
But it has to be intuitive.
For example, if you have remote control you you can rem you can control your TV. and also you can control your recorder. But what I'm not so sure is about how to make the remote control look funny look fancy, not funny. Because different people have a different opinion about fancy. You know.
I think the solution is to have many colours of you know instead of having one grey standard
But I think it will increase the price of the production of the remote control.
Maybe we can have di di we can have several options,
So maybe just having many functions in one button is not that good if you want to zap a lot. new information about the product requirements,. the first one is that for the designing of the remote control we don't really want to use the teletext anymore,. because now everybody has internet at home,. so it's better to use internet then teletext. and also the remote control will only be used for television,. you won't had buttons to just to manipulate yeah to control the recorder or maybe the garage door or things like that. which will be used for for the television, for the recorder, for the camcorder and all the others, it will become too complex. So maybe it will be easier for you to to design it, to have very powerful and easy. And also we want the image of the real reaction be recognisable in the product, such as the colour and the slogan.
So has to be yellow.
As we say, we put the fashion in electronics,. so it has to be a fashion remote control. Fancy, fashion, powerful, easy to use. Require lot of requirements,
But this this mean that your TV would be able to, you know, connect to internet, you know, surf the web.
There's that box in the TV,. so with the set box you you can connect internet with your TV.
I don't think it's popular,
I think it has to be yellow.
I think if you have you know th like a yellow ribbon here is the double. Or should be. Doesn't need to be completely yellow,
Regarding the first line, what So we're just expecting no more use of the teletext.
But I dunno, but why,
I think it would be simpler. I will close the meeting,. just after that we'll have lunch break. And you will have in thirty minutes individual work. You will have as the ID I don't remember what is industr Industrial Designer to put pon
Component component, yeah.
And the User Interface Designer to work on the user interface concept. And so specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. I think the session is closed. And by the way, Mister David Jordan, please record your presentations in your own folder. Not in mine.